Extend boolean values section in playbooks_variables (#1285)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/playbooks_variables.rst

    ``False`` , ``false`` , ``FALSE`` , ``no``, ``off``                                              Falsy values

   =============================================================================================== ====================================================================

Interpretable as Boolean
------------------------

We need to use the filter ``| bool`` to interpret these strings values as native booleans in logical expressions. Boolean expressions will also work with these values without filter, but interpret them in python style.

.. table::
   :class: documentation-table

   =============================================================================================== ====================================================================
    Valid values                                                                                    Description
   =============================================================================================== ====================================================================
    ``'true'`` , ``'t'`` , ``'yes'`` , ``'y'`` , ``'on'`` , ``'1'`` , ``1`` , ``1.0``                Truthy values

>     ``'false'`` , ``'f'`` , ``'no'`` , ``'n'`` , ``'off'`` , ``'0'`` , ``0`` , ``0.0``               Falsy values

Reviewer: ``` 
y|Y|yes|Yes|YES|n|N|no|No|NO
|true|True|TRUE|false|False|FALSE
|on|On|ON|off|Off|OFF|0|1
```
1.0 and 0.0 are basically ways of writing 1 and 0 as the 0 in both cases after the . is non significant

Author: Added all variants in Native and have removed 0.0\1.0 from interpretable as bool

=================

Ansible accepts a broad range of values for boolean variables: ``true/false``, ``1/0``, ``yes/no``, ``True/False`` and so on. The matching of valid strings is case insensitive.
Documentation examples focus on ``true/false`` to be compatible with ``ansible-lint`` default settings. However, you can use any of the following values:

> Native Boolean

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Native boolean
```

--------------

Ansible treats these values as native booleans:

.. table::
   :class: documentation-table

   ================= =================

>     Valid values      Description

Reviewer: This is not really 'ansible native' but YAML that uses `true` and `false` and the rest of the list below, it would be 'more true' that `True` and `False` are the 'native' options as Ansible evaluation happens inside Python and those are the 'Python native booleans', this also depends on context as inside a `{{ }}` expression it is Jinja doing the evaluation, which is again using Python under the hood.

   ================= =================
    ``true``          Truthy values

    ``false``         Falsy values

   ================= =================

Implicit boolean
----------------

Ansible recognizes these values as booleans:

.. table::
   :class: documentation-table

   ================================================================================= ====================================================================
    Valid values                                                                      Description
   ================================================================================= ====================================================================
    ``yes`` , ``Yes`` , ``YES`` , ``True`` , ``TRUE`` , ``on`` , ``On`` , ``ON``      Truthy values

    ``no`` , ``No`` , ``NO`` , ``False`` , ``FALSE`` , ``off`` , ``Off`` , ``OFF``    Falsy values

   ================================================================================= ====================================================================

> Interpretable as Boolean

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Interpretable as boolean
```

------------------------

You need to use the ``| bool`` filter to interpret these strings values as native booleans in logical expressions. Boolean expressions also work with these values without a filter, but Ansible interprets them in Python style.

> .. table::

Reviewer: the bool filter, while is it Jinja, it is an Ansible customization which approximates (but does not really match) the YAML booleans, the table below is incorrect as this is the actual code:
```python
    if a is None or isinstance(a, bool):
        return a
    if isinstance(a, string_types):
        a = a.lower()
    if a in ('yes', 'on', '1', 'true', 1):
        return True
    return False
```
so it realy only converts 'matching `True`' and everything else is `False`

Reviewer: though this is something I'm planning to fix so they are closer to YAML by default but can be 'pythonic' otherwise.

   :class: documentation-table

   ================================================================================= ====================================================================
    Valid values                                                                      Description
   ================================================================================= ====================================================================
    ``'true'`` , ``'t'`` , ``'yes'`` , ``'y'`` , ``'on'`` , ``'1'`` , ``1``           Truthy values

    ``'false'`` , ``'f'`` , ``'no'`` , ``'n'`` , ``'off'`` , ``'0'`` , ``0``          Falsy values

   ================================================================================= ====================================================================

> For example, using ``'false'`` value:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, using ``'false'`` as a condition to run tasks:
```

=================

Ansible accepts a broad range of values for boolean variables: ``true/false``, ``1/0``, ``yes/no``, ``True/False`` and so on. The matching of valid strings is case insensitive.

> While documentation examples focus on ``true/false`` to be compatible with ``ansible-lint`` default settings. You can use any of the following values:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Documentation examples focus on ``true/false`` to be compatible with ``ansible-lint`` default settings. However, you can use any of the following values:
```

Reviewer 2: Just noticed the first sentence with the "while" clause is subordinate and cannot be an independent sentence.

> Native Boolean

Reviewer 3: I would avoid using "native boolean" for anything else than `true`/`false` because the only values that are native booleans in all versions of YAML specification.

Maybe we should mention that bit. Currently Ansible uses a YAML 1.1 loader, but when it will move to a 1.2 loader, only these values will remain booleans. This might help people understand better the long term implications.

Reviewer: the issue is not only YAML, Ansible has internal functions to convert booleans that follow the YAML 1.1 spec, so this can apply to JSON and Jinja2.

Author: > I would avoid using "native boolean" for anything else than true/false because the only values that are native booleans in all versions of YAML specification.

I can change header to `Recognizable as Boolean` (or smth like that) for that section,  to separate it from `Native boolean` definition in yaml 1.2

And as I see, that section of `Recognizable as Boolean\Native boolean` still has to to be present here for new ansible version with new loader if it will support Core Schema of[ yml 1.2](https://yaml.org/spec/1.2.2/#103-core-schema) because there still several valid variants of inputs `true | True | TRUE | false | False | FALSE`.
If not (It will wotk only with [Json Schema](https://yaml.org/spec/1.2.2/#102-json-schema)) - in new version ofk make sense to reduce it to only two values.

PS: We can add some note like:  just use  `true\false` because that easier for everyone around

Author: @ssbarnea 
Could u plz clarify about yaml schema and name of segment to change PR

Reviewer 2: @skilyazhnev Thanks for keeping at this one.

How about we keep the "Native boolean" heading but put only `true` / `false` underneath that to reflect what @ssbarnea has mentioned about the spec: https://yaml.org/spec/1.2-old/spec.html#id2803629

For the other values in the current table, maybe we could rename the heading to "Implicit boolean"? Something like this:

```
Native boolean
--------------

Ansible treats these values as native booleans:

<table goes here>

Implicit boolean
------------------------

Ansible recognizes these values as booleans:

<table goes here>

```

--------------

Values natively recognized as boolean by Ansible

.. table::
   :class: documentation-table

   =============================================================================================== ====================================================================
    Valid values                                                                                    Description
   =============================================================================================== ====================================================================
    ``yes`` , ``Yes`` , ``YES`` , ``true`` , ``True`` , ``TRUE`` , ``on`` , ``On`` , ``ON``         Truthy values

    ``no`` , ``No`` , ``NO`` , ``false`` , ``False`` , ``FALSE`` , ``off`` , ``Off`` , ``OFF``      Falsy values

   =============================================================================================== ====================================================================

Interpretable as Boolean
------------------------

> We need to use the filter ``| bool`` to interpret these strings values as native booleans in logical expressions. Boolean expressions will also work with these values without filter, but interpret them in python style. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You need to use the ``| bool`` filter to interpret these strings values as native booleans in logical expressions. Boolean expressions also work with these values without a filter, but Ansible interprets them in Python style. 
```

.. table::
   :class: documentation-table

   ================================================================================= ====================================================================
    Valid values                                                                      Description
   ================================================================================= ====================================================================
    ``'true'`` , ``'t'`` , ``'yes'`` , ``'y'`` , ``'on'`` , ``'1'`` , ``1``           Truthy values

    ``'false'`` , ``'f'`` , ``'no'`` , ``'n'`` , ``'off'`` , ``'0'`` , ``0``          Falsy values

   ================================================================================= ====================================================================

> 

Reviewer 2: Let's consider giving an example here with the ``| bool`` filter.
